Add Optional Postgres SSL Connection Parameters (#3349)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/warehouse-setups/postgres-setup.md

The `sslmode` config controls how dbt connectes to Postgres databases using SSL. See [the Postgres docs](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.1/libpq-ssl.html) on `sslmode` for usage information. When unset, dbt will connect to databases using the Postgres default, `prefer`, as the `sslmode`.

#### sslcert

<Changelog> Added in v0.21.0 </Changelog>

> The `sslcert` config controls the location of the certificate file used to connect to Postgres when using client SSL connections. To use a certificate file that is not in the default location, set that file path using this value. Without this config set, dbt uses the Postgres default locations. See the [Postgres SSL Support](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-ssl.html#LIBPQ-SSL-CLIENTCERT) page for the default paths.

Reviewer: sugg using the exact title of the section and calling it out that it's in the postgresql docs (for clarity in case people might assume it's in the dbt docs)

```suggestion
The `sslcert` config controls the location of the certificate file used to connect to Postgres when using client SSL connections. To use a certificate file that is not in the default location, set that file path using this value. Without this config set, dbt uses the Postgres default locations. See [Client Certificates](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-ssl.html#LIBPQ-SSL-CLIENTCERT) in the PostgreSQL SSL docs for the default paths.
```

Author: Great suggestion!

#### sslkey

<Changelog> Added in v0.21.0 </Changelog>

> The `sslkey` config controls the location of the private key for connecting to Postgres using client SSL connections. If this config is omitted, dbt uses the default key location for Postgres, which can be found on the the [Postgres SSL Support](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-ssl.html#LIBPQ-SSL-CLIENTCERT) page.

Reviewer: similar sugg as previvous

Author: Updated, but would appreciate a review too!
